feat(rtl): enable rtl and update documentation (#18)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-nextjs-template: README.md

$ yarn install
```

> In order for certain services to such as enabling RTL (Right-to-Left), you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enable features like Right-to-Left (RTL), you will
```

Then the contents of the `out` folder can be uploaded to your production environment.

> ## RTL (Right-to-Left)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Right-to-Left (RTL)
```

> Right-to-left rendering is supported, to enable set the `ENABLE_RTL` env variable to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Right-to-left rendering is supported, to enable set the `ENABLE_RTL` environment variable to `true`.
```
